Look at you, what you're cheap and pathetic.
That's all!
You both are shameless!
You can't hit him!
This is what we need, and my boyfriend!
All right, Alice, you bitch!
Listen, the only reason I was with you is because you had some money.
All right, and now...
So, what, you were using me all these years?
Usually, consider it a privilege.
From now on, I want nothing to do with you, you crazy woman!
Can we please go?
Yes, baby, let's go.
Come on.
That's so good, so good.
Wait!
You gonna break up with me?
I, Alice Blacken, bring it over you!
Oh, sweetie.
I know you're jealous.
But Simon's with me now, and he's got much better opportunities.
Give me a piece of me!
Jesus, crazy bitch!
You know whatever!
Mr. Gold Digger and his sugar mama hope you guys have a great life together!
Whoa, it's you!